Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software by Erich Gamma, Richard Helm, Ralph Johnson, and John Vlissides
Clean Code: A Handbook of Agile Software Craftsmanship by Robert C. Martin
Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code by Martin Fowler
The Pragmatic Programmer: From Journeyman to Master by Andrew Hunt and David Thomas
Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction by Steve McConnell
Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software by Eric Evans
Agile Estimating and Planning by Mike Cohn
Growing Object-Oriented Software, Guided by Tests by Steve Freeman and Nat Pryce
Release It!: Design and Deploy Production-Ready Software by Michael T. Nygard
Working Effectively with Legacy Code by Michael Feathers
The Phoenix Project: A Novel about IT, DevOps, and Helping Your Business Win by Gene Kim, Kevin Behr, and George Spafford
Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture by Martin Fowler
Test Driven Development: By Example by Kent Beck
The Clean Coder: A Code of Conduct for Professional Programmers by Robert C. Martin
Continuous Delivery: Reliable Software Releases through Build, Test, and Deployment Automation by Jez Humble and David Farley
Design It!: From Programmer to Software Architect by Michael Keeling
The Art of Computer Programming, Volumes 1-4A Boxed Set by Donald E. Knuth
The Architecture of Open Source Applications by Amy Brown and Greg Wilson
The Lean Startup: How Today’s Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses by Eric Ries
Algorithms to Live By: The Computer Science of Human Decisions by Brian Christian and Tom Griffiths
The Object-Oriented Thought Process by Matt Weisfeld
The Software Craftsman: Professionalism, Pragmatism, Pride by Sandro Mancuso
The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs by Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman
Expert Python Programming, Second Edition by Tarek Ziadé
Introduction to the Theory of Computation by Michael Sipser
User Stories Applied: For Agile Software Development by Mike Cohn
Implementing Domain-Driven Design by Vaughn Vernon
The Unix Programming Environment by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike
The Self-Taught Programmer: The Definitive Guide to Programming Professionally by Cory Althoff
Understanding the Linux Kernel, Third Edition by Daniel P. Bovet and Marco Cesati
Data Structures and Algorithms in Python by Michael T. Goodrich, Roberto Tamassia, and Michael H. Goldwasser
Design Patterns Explained: A New Perspective on Object-Oriented Design by Alan Shalloway and James R. Trott
A Philosophy of Software Design by John Ousterhout
How to Read and Do Proofs by Daniel J. Velleman
Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby: An Agile Primer by Sandi Metz
The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python!: Best Practices for Development by